disable switch to import mode for global sort, and add tikv-worker-url config (#20866)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-import-into.md

| `SPLIT_FILE` | CSV | Splits a single CSV file into multiple smaller chunks of around 256 MiB for parallel processing to improve import efficiency. This parameter only works for **non-compressed** CSV files and has the same usage restrictions as that of TiDB Lightning [`strict-format`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-data-source#strict-format). Note that you need to explicitly specify `LINES_TERMINATED_BY` for this option. |
| `DISK_QUOTA='<string>'` | All file formats | Specifies the disk space threshold that can be used during data sorting. The default value is 80% of the disk space in the TiDB [temporary directory](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#temp-dir-new-in-v630). If the total disk size cannot be obtained, the default value is 50 GiB. When specifying `DISK_QUOTA` explicitly, make sure that the value does not exceed 80% of the disk space in the TiDB temporary directory. |

> | `DISABLE_TIKV_IMPORT_MODE` | All file formats | Specifies whether to disable switching TiKV to import mode during the import process. By default, switching TiKV to import mode is not disabled. If there are ongoing read-write operations in the cluster, you can enable this option to avoid impact from the import process. Since version v9.0.0-xx(next release version), when import using global sort, switching TiKV to import mode is disabled. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `DISABLE_TIKV_IMPORT_MODE` | All file formats | Specifies whether to disable switching TiKV to import mode during the import process. By default, switching TiKV to import mode is not disabled. If there are ongoing read-write operations in the cluster, you can enable this option to avoid impact from the import process. Starting from v9.0.0, when you import data using the Global Sort feature, switching TiKV to import mode is disabled. |
```
